com/app/utilities/MainActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.MainActivity
com/app/utilities/settings/PreferenzeSCF.java
 com.app.utilities.settings.PreferenzeSCF
 com.app.utilities.settings.PreferenzeSCF$SettingsFragment
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/AltriSensoriActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.AltriSensoriActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.AltriSensoriActivity$1
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.AltriSensoriActivity$2
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.AltriSensoriActivity$3
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.AltriSensoriActivity$4
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/LivellaActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.LivellaActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.LivellaActivity$AnimatedView
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/model/CardinalDirection.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.model.CardinalDirection
com/app/utilities/settings/Preferenze.java
 com.app.utilities.settings.Preferenze
com/app/utilities/databinding/DialogSaveBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.DialogSaveBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/model/Azimuth.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.model.Azimuth
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.model.Azimuth$SemiClosedFloatRange
com/app/utilities/fragment/ui/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.ui.PlaceholderFragment
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityInfoBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityInfoBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/model/SensorAccuracy.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.model.SensorAccuracy
com/app/utilities/fragment/ui/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.ui.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/app/utilities/utility/RowItem.java
 com.app.utilities.utility.RowItem
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/InfoActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.InfoActivity
com/app/utilities/databinding/CompassViewBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.CompassViewBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/model/MathUtils.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.model.MathUtils
com/app/utilities/databinding/SettingsActivityBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.SettingsActivityBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/inclinometro/InclinometroActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.inclinometro.InclinometroActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.inclinometro.InclinometroActivity$1
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.inclinometro.InclinometroActivity$2
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.inclinometro.InclinometroActivity$3
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.inclinometro.InclinometroActivity$CompareSizeByArea
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/moneta/PreferencesMoneta.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.moneta.PreferencesMoneta
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/_ARMeasure/ARMeasureActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity._ARMeasure.ARMeasureActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity._ARMeasure.ARMeasureActivity$1
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityInclinometroBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityInclinometroBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentSorteBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentSorteBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentOrientazioneBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentOrientazioneBinding
com/app/utilities/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.settings.SettingsActivity
 com.app.utilities.settings.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityAltriSensoriBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityAltriSensoriBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/PreferenzeDadoActivityBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.PreferenzeDadoActivityBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityMonetaBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityMonetaBinding
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Sorte.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Sorte
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/scf/PreferencesSCF.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.scf.PreferencesSCF
com/app/utilities/databinding/SensorAlertDialogViewBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.SensorAlertDialogViewBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityArmeasureBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityArmeasureBinding
com/app/utilities/fragment/ui/PageViewModel.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.ui.PageViewModel
com/app/utilities/utility/Shake.java
 com.app.utilities.utility.Shake
 com.app.utilities.utility.Shake$1
 com.app.utilities.utility.Shake$Callback
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Misurazione.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Misurazione
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Sensori.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Sensori
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Sensori$1
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Sensori$2
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Sensori$3
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/dado/PreferencesDado.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.dado.PreferencesDado
com/app/utilities/databinding/ContentBussolaBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ContentBussolaBinding
com/app/utilities/settings/PreferenzeDado.java
 com.app.utilities.settings.PreferenzeDado
 com.app.utilities.settings.PreferenzeDado$SettingsFragment
com/app/utilities/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.utilities.BuildConfig
com/app/utilities/settings/PreferenzeMoneta.java
 com.app.utilities.settings.PreferenzeMoneta
 com.app.utilities.settings.PreferenzeMoneta$SettingsFragment
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentSensoriBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentSensoriBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/BussolaActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.BussolaActivity
com/app/utilities/databinding/SingleRowBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.SingleRowBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityDadoBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityDadoBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityScfBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityScfBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/model/RotationVector.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.model.RotationVector
com/app/utilities/utility/CustomAdapter.java
 com.app.utilities.utility.CustomAdapter
 com.app.utilities.utility.CustomAdapter$1
 com.app.utilities.utility.CustomAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/bussola/view/CompassView.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.bussola.view.CompassView
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityBussolaBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityBussolaBinding
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/_ARMeasure/Arl_saved.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity._ARMeasure.Arl_saved
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity._ARMeasure.Arl_saved$1
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/moneta/MonetaActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.moneta.MonetaActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.moneta.MonetaActivity$1
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/dado/DadoActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.dado.DadoActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.dado.DadoActivity$1
com/app/utilities/utility/Utils.java
 com.app.utilities.utility.Utils
com/app/utilities/utilitiesActivity/scf/SCFActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.scf.SCFActivity
 com.app.utilities.utilitiesActivity.scf.SCFActivity$1
