com/app/utilities/MainActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.MainActivity
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentBussolaBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentBussolaBinding
com/app/utilities/InfoActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.InfoActivity
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Livella.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Livella
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Livella$AnimatedView
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Livella$AnimatedView$1
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Dado.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Dado
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Dado$1
com/app/utilities/fragment/ui/PageViewModel.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.ui.PageViewModel
com/app/utilities/fragment/SettingsActivity.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.SettingsActivity
 com.app.utilities.fragment.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
com/app/utilities/utility/Utils.java
 com.app.utilities.utility.Utils
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentDadoFragmentBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentDadoFragmentBinding
com/app/utilities/fragment/ui/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.ui.PlaceholderFragment
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Sensori.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Sensori
com/app/utilities/fragment/Fragment_Bussola.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.Fragment_Bussola
com/app/utilities/databinding/ActivityInfoBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.ActivityInfoBinding
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/app/utilities/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.utilities.BuildConfig
com/app/utilities/fragment/ui/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.app.utilities.fragment.ui.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/app/utilities/databinding/FragmentSensoriBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.FragmentSensoriBinding
com/app/utilities/utility/Preferences.java
 com.app.utilities.utility.Preferences
com/app/utilities/databinding/SettingsActivityBinding.java
 com.app.utilities.databinding.SettingsActivityBinding
com/app/utilities/bussola/Compass.java
 com.app.utilities.bussola.Compass
 com.app.utilities.bussola.Compass$CompassListener
com/app/utilities/bussola/SOTWFormatter.java
 com.app.utilities.bussola.SOTWFormatter
